feat: updated readme with template maintenance instructions (#82)
lokalise/npm-package-template: README.md

This project is APACHE, VERSION 2.0 licensed, see LICENSE.md for details.

## Template Specific Internal Notes

> The following notes are only relevant to whom maintains this template. You may delete this section when you clone it.

Reviewer: "to who maintains" doesn't sound right to me

```suggestion
The following notes are only relevant to the maintainers of this template. You may delete this section when you clone it.
```
